docs: add short explanation on attestation config options (#1654)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/architecture/attestation.md

</tabItem>
</tabs>

### CVM verification

> To verify runtime measurements, a chain of trust from the CVM technology to the interface providing the measurements has to be established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the integrity of the received runtime measurements, a chain of trust from the CVM technology to the interface providing the measurements has to be established.
```
Should we be more explicit here? "verify runtime measurements" could be confused with "comparing the actual measurements against the expected ones".

For verification of the CVM technology, Constellation may expose additional options in its config file.

<tabs groupId="csp">
<tabItem value="azure" label="Azure SEV-SNP">

On Azure, AMD SEV-SNP is used to provide runtime encryption to the VMs.
An SEV-SNP attestation report is also used to establish trust in the vTPM running in the VM.
Some parameters for verification of the SEV-SNP attestation statement can be customized by the user using the Constellation config file.

> * TCB versions:
> 
>   The minimum version numbers of components in the SEV-SNP TCB may set to enforce only machines with the most recent microcode version are allowed to join the cluster.
>   Alternatively, this may also be used to set a lower minimum version to allow slightly out-of-date machines to still be able to join the cluster.
> 
> * AMD Root Key Certificate:
> 
>   The certificate used as a root of trust to verify the SEV-SNP certificate chain.
> 
> * Firmware Signer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TCB versions

  The minimum version numbers of components in the SEV-SNP TCB may set to enforce only machines with the most recent microcode version are allowed to join the cluster.
  Alternatively, this may also be used to set a lower minimum version to allow slightly out-of-date machines to still be able to join the cluster.

* AMD Root Key Certificate

  The certificate used as a root of trust to verify the SEV-SNP certificate chain.

* Firmware Signer
```
nit: either end all items with colons or none. I'd prefer none.

>   This config option allows users to specify how the firmware signer should be verified.
>   More explicitly, it's used to verify the `IDKeyDigest` value in the SEV-SNP attestation report.
>   Users can provide a list of accepted key digests and specify a policy on how this list is compared against the `IDKeyDigest` reported in the SEV-SNP attestation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This config option allows you to specify how the firmware signer should be verified.
  More explicitly, it controls the verification of the `IDKeyDigest` value in the SEV-SNP attestation report.
  You can provide a list of accepted key digests and specify a policy on how this list is compared against the reported `IDKeyDigest`.
```
